Update device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md (#5340)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md

```

:::image type="content" source="images/block-removable-storage.png" alt-text="The screen depicting the blockage of the removable storage":::

> ## Q&A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Frequently asked questions

```

> 1. Q: The removable storage media limitation, what is the maximum number of USBs?   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What is the removable storage media limitation for the maximum number of USBs?**

```

>     - A: Internally we have validate one USB group with 100,000 medias - up to 7MB size. The policy works fine in both Intune and GPO without performance issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally we have validated one USB group with 100,000 media - up to 7 MB in size. The policy works fine in both Intune and GPO without performance issues.

```

> 2. Q: The policy does not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Why does the policy not work?**

```

>     - A: The most common no required  [Anti-malware Client Version](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control?view=o365-worldwide#prepare-your-endpoints). If the version is correct, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common reason is there is no required [Anti-malware Client Version](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control?view=o365-worldwide#prepare-your-endpoints). If the version is correct, then:

```

>     - Check whether the client machine has the policy via Registry Keys - HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Windows Defender\Device Control\Policy Rules and HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Windows Defender\Device Control\Policy Groups and HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\WdDevFlt\Parameters\PolicyPackage; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Check whether the client's device has the policy via Registry Keys  - HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Windows Defender\Device Control\Policy Rules, HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Windows Defender\Device Control\Policy Groups, and HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\WdDevFlt\Parameters\PolicyPackage.
    
```

>     - If the value is not there, the most common no required  [Anti-malware Client Version](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control?view=o365-worldwide#prepare-your-endpoints)  or the XML file is not correct formatted, e.g. text editor may add a BOM(byte order mark 0xEF 0xBB 0xBF) at the beginning of the files which makes the xml parsing not work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the value is not there, the most common reason is there is no required  [Anti-malware Client Version](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control?view=o365-worldwide#prepare-your-endpoints) or the XML file is not correctly formatted, for example, the text editor might add a byte order mark (BOM) 0xEF 0xBB 0xBF at the beginning of the files which causes the XML parsing not to work.

```

>     - If the value is there and if the policy is managed via Group Policy, check whether the client machine can access the policy XML path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the value is there and if the policy is managed via Group Policy, check whether the client machine can access the policy XML path.
```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
